<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Endnotes</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="backmatter">
		<section id="endnotes" epub:type="endnotes">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Endnotes</h2>
			<ol>
				<li id="note-1" epub:type="endnote">
					<p>The mark of Hindu wifehood and the symbol of all the devotion that it implies. <a href="chapter-1.xhtml#noteref-1" epub:type="backlink">↩</a></p>
				</li>
				<li id="note-2" epub:type="endnote">
					<p>The __sari__ is the dress of the Hindu woman. <a href="chapter-1.xhtml#noteref-2" epub:type="backlink">↩</a></p>
				</li>
				<li id="note-3" epub:type="endnote">
					<p>Taking the dust of the feet is a formal offering of reverence and is done by lightly touching the feet of the revered one and then one’s own head with the same hand. The wife does not ordinarily do this to the husband. <a href="chapter-1.xhtml#noteref-3" epub:type="backlink">↩</a></p>
				</li>
				<li id="note-4" epub:type="endnote">
					<p>It would not be reckoned good form for the husband to be continually going into the zenana, except at particular hours for meals or rest. <a href="chapter-1.xhtml#noteref-4" epub:type="backlink">↩</a></p>
				</li>
				<li id="note-5" epub:type="endnote">
					<p>Bara__ = Senior; __Chota__ = Junior. In joint families of rank, though the widows remain entitled only to a life-interest in their husbands’ share, their rank remains to them according to seniority, and the titles “Senior” and “Junior” continue to distinguish the elder and younger branches, even though the junior branch be the one in power. <a href="chapter-1.xhtml#noteref-5" epub:type="backlink">↩</a></p>
				</li>
				<li id="note-6" epub:type="endnote">
					<p>The seclusion of the zenana, and all the customs peculiar to it, are designated by the general term “Purdah”, which means Screen. <a href="chapter-1.xhtml#noteref-6" epub:type="backlink">↩</a></p>
				</li>
				<li id="note-7" epub:type="endnote">
					<p>The prestige of the daughter-in-law is of the first importance in a Hindu household of rank [Trans.]. <a href="chapter-1.xhtml#noteref-7" epub:type="backlink">↩</a></p>
				</li>
				<li id="note-8" epub:type="endnote">
					<p>The Nationalist movement, which began more as an economic than a political one, having as its main object the encouragement of indigenous industries [Trans.]. <a href="chapter-1.xhtml#noteref-8" epub:type="backlink">↩</a></p>
				</li>
				<li id="note-9" epub:type="endnote">
					<p>“Babu” is a term of respect, like “Father” or “Mister,” but has also meant in colonial days a person who understands some English. [on-line ed.] <a href="chapter-1.xhtml#noteref-9" epub:type="backlink">↩</a></p>
				</li>
				<li id="note-10" epub:type="endnote">
					<p>Lit.: “Hail Mother”; the opening words of a song by Bankim Chatterjee, the famous Bengali novelist. The song has now become the national anthem, and __Bande Mataram__ the national cry, since the days of the __Swadeshi__ movement [Trans.]. <a href="chapter-1.xhtml#noteref-10" epub:type="backlink">↩</a></p>

			</ol>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
